add PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE file. (#156)
EasyPost/easypost-php: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> # Type of change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Pull Request Type
```

> Please select option(s) that is relevant to this PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please select the option(s) that are relevant to this PR.
```

Author: resolved

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] Improvement (fixing a typo, updating readme, renaming a variable name, etc)

# Description

<!-- Please provide a general summary of your PR changes and link any related issues or other pull requests. -->

# Testing

> <!-- Please provide details on how you tested this code. See below.
> 
> - All pull requests must be tested (unit tests where possible with accompanying cassettes, or provide a screenshot of end-to-end testing when unit tests are not possible)
> - New features must get a new unit test
> - Bug fixes/refactors must re-record existing cassettes -->

Reviewer: We could probably move these multi lines like this?

```suggestion
<!--
Please provide details on how you tested this code. See below.

- All pull requests must be tested (unit tests where possible with accompanying cassettes, or provide a screenshot of end-to-end testing when unit tests are not possible)
- New features must get a new unit test
- Bug fixes/refactors must re-record existing cassettes
-->
```

Author: resolved

# Type of change

Please select option(s) that is relevant to this PR.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)

> - [ ] Improvement (fixing a typo, updating readme, renaming a variable name, etc...)

Reviewer 2: nit: don't need ...

Reviewer: @nwithan8 are you suggesting this whole checkbox section isn't needed?

# Description

> <!--- Please provide a general summary of your PR changes in here and link any related issues or other pull requests. -->

Reviewer 2: nit: remove "in here"

# Testing

> <!-- Please provide details on how you tested this code. See below.

Author: resolved

> <!--- Please provide details on how you tested this code, see below testing requirement for more information.

Reviewer 2: nit: "how you tested this code. See below"

> - All pull requests must be tested (unit tests where possible with accompanying cassettes, provide a screenshot of End-to-End testing is a must when unit tests are not possible)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- All pull requests must be tested (unit tests where possible with accompanying cassettes, or provide a screenshot of end-to-end testing when unit tests are not possible)
```

- New features must get a new unit test
- Bug fixes/refactors must re-record existing cassettes

> - The only time a test is not necessary is for things like updating the README or other config files --->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion--->
```

# Type of change

Please select option(s) that is relevant to this PR.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] Improvement (fixing a typo, updating readme, renaming a variable name, etc...)

# Description

> Please provide a general summary of your PR changes in here and link any related issues or other pull requests.  

Reviewer: This should be a comment instead of plain-text. That way if the user accidentally keeps this in here, it won't show up in the actual issue.

> # How did you test the Pull Request?

Reviewer: Thoughts on simply calling it `Testing`?

```suggestion
# Testing
```

Author: I agree since we already have a description.

> Please provide a detail how did you test this pull request, see below testing requirement for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please provide details on how you tested this code, see below testing requirement for more information.
```

# Testing requirement

All pull requests must be tested (unit tests where possible with accompanying cassettes, provide a screenshot of End-to-End testing is a must when unit tests are not possible)
New features must get a new unit test
Bug fixes/refactors must re-record existing cassettes

> The only time a test is not necessary is for things like updating the README or other config files

Reviewer: This should be a list for easier reading. It should also be a comment so that if they submit without deleting this we don't have to read all this as well.
